feat(branch): allow branch automerging behind main branch (#37159)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

- Automerge the branch commit if it's: (a) up-to-date with the base branch, and (b) passing all tests
- As a backup, raise a PR only if either: (a) tests fail, or (b) tests remain pending for too long (default: 24 hours)

> To allow automerges on branches that are behind and green, then add `rebaseWhen="conflicted"`. This will not merge a conflicted branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow automerges on branches that are behind and green, add `rebaseWhen="conflicted"`. 
Note that this will not merge a conflicted branch.
```

- Automerge the branch commit if it's: (a) up-to-date with the base branch, and (b) passing all tests
- As a backup, raise a PR only if either: (a) tests fail, or (b) tests remain pending for too long (default: 24 hours)

> To allow automerges on branches that are behind and green, add `rebaseWhen="conflicted"` or `rebaseWhen="never"`.
> Note that this will not merge a conflicted branch.

Reviewer 2: IMO this should have another semantic as from the users perspective it is confusing that users should 
```suggestion
Automerges will only be triggered if a fast forward merges are possible. The only exceptions are: 
- `rebaseWhen="conflicted"`
- `rebaseWhen="never"`
in these cases merge commits will be created if necessary. 
```

Author: Since we are now talking about putting this feature behind an experimental flag, should we revert the docs?
